c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\obj\Debug\TestMVCScaffold.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\TestMVCScaffold.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\TestMVCScaffold.pdb
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\obj\Debug\TestMVCScaffold.dll
c:\users\jérémy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestMVCScaffold\TestMVCScaffold\obj\Debug\TestMVCScaffold.pdb
